DBM: Add screenshot and note for RDS cluster toggle (#29130)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/database_hosts.md

---

{{< img src="database_monitoring/databases-list-3.png" alt="The Databases page in Datadog" style="width:100%;" >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">

> If you're using Amazon RDS with the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_rds/?tab=standard">RDS integration</a> enabled, Datadog automatically receives the <code>dbclusteridentifier</code> tag from AWS. When this tag is present, a <strong>Group my RDS clusters</strong> toggle appears, grouping related RDS instances into clusters based on the identifier. No additional setup or manual tagging is required.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Amazon RDS with the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_rds/?tab=standard">RDS integration</a> enabled, Datadog automatically receives the <code>dbclusteridentifier</code> tag from AWS. When this tag is present, a <strong>Group my RDS clusters</strong> toggle appears, grouping related RDS instances into clusters based on the identifier. No additional setup or manual tagging is required.</div>
```
